it's never mind the buzzcocks cutie
that's no fielding I'm Noel Fielding and
this week's first question that we have
got from the internet note is from the
fielding thought of kind of I got one
footings with you're rarely there I
occasionally your good friend Courtney
Love is on Twitter and what I like about
her is generally it does it's a much put
some photos photos the other day her
holding a beautiful pike seriously she's
been out she'd been out using a Devon
minnow on a quite fast river in Norfolk
caught a 14-pound
you love kink or special woman
okay Steve Carver writes Lady gaga
pokerface question mark is that a
question apparently so
poker face poker face it's hard to tell
us next it's got that contraptions and
boxes and fabrics all over her face I
always imagine that what she does in the
morning Lady Gaga is she thinks what do
I want to wear today and she thinks of a
shop in the high street wherever she
lives C and Q then what she does is she
goes home gets a print account covers
her entire body with Pritt stick and
then runs through the shop that she's
chosen that day and it just happened to
be the other day at the MTV Awards she
chose a halal butchers so that's just
the way that the cards false I saw ones
in a bath and that everything was sort
of made up to look like a bathroom and
everyone's amazing and I thought yeah
but why what's that got to do with
anything the old doesn't know that Lady
Gaga runs a very successful bath
discount warehouse something out the
guts of Croydon Gaga's bath baths a
thorough wearing an outfit made of live
rabbits and been injured so don't get
panicky Dave cats rights not Dave cats
Dave cats the cats man
Cathy cat she's been in touch and right
how soon is now Dave cats is a cat and
that's the beautiful thing about it I
always manage to get a pen and put this
together I'll never know in that song
Morrissey sings a beautiful Isis I am
the Sun and the air so for the price of
one
Sun in the air
the Sun isn't it though yeah I like that
it's got a great introduction is amazing
that song isn't but if a busman's old I
mean in doing introductions at each
other oh we like Morrissey more question
about Morrissey please yes where is
morosely we'd like to do an actual
Morrissey special so if we questions
particularly about Stephen Patrick then
fire them at us and we will be bringing
mercy on live that said it won't be the
actual Morrissey but Nolan has made what
I can only describe as a beautiful balsa
wood Morrison a long time to answer your
question officially now mr. cats never
age a Carvel writes again I know Carvel
is just knowledge hungry how many
questions does he go well Carvel gets
questionably because apparently he got
injured during a show he was watching
the show and in the intros round he was
laughing he fell off his so he gets a
question every way confirm and I was the
one who would that would be like being
hit by a butterfly
karate-chop floats like a butterfly
stings like a butterflies in the end if
Simon Amstell
anyone did he really who weeks later you
did you think internal bruising yeah do
you know the thing is that they say with
chaos theory afore butterfly flaps its
wings like in New York years later falls
over well if Simon Amstell
kicks no fee fielding nothing happens so
who would win out of a fight between
Queen and Prince mm-hmm well it depends
really how much he wants to keep the
crown that's pretty much it thanks for
joining us keep them questions coming at
us through the miracle of the internet
visit the BBC comedy blog Twitter feed
Facebook page or YouTube channel send us
your questions tag them hash Buzzcocks
cutie so you don't miss the at the end
fun
oops the buffering oh you doesn't
destroy